Paul Revere, IV
Computer Scientist

--- Contact ---
revereiv@gmail.com
www.pr4.me
www.github.com/paulrevere4
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/paul-revere-iv/5a/b11/237
774.487.1163

--- Education ---
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
August 2013 - May 2017 (currently a Junior)
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Minor in Economics 
GPA: 3.2

--- Experience ---
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Scientific Computation Research Center (SCOREC)
Undergraduate Researcher
September 2015 - Present
- Currently working on a series of improvements for finite element analysis mesh 
generation software in C++.
- Goal is to make files for unstructured meshes more condensed and more easily 
managed.
- Creating a compressor with matching decompressor for mesh visualization files.
- Developing a system to allow for simultaneous writing of output files in 
massively parallel environments.


Bechtel Marine Propulsion Corporation (BMPC)
Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory (KAPL)
Technical Intern
June 2015 - August 2015
- Worked on a confidential project for the United States Navy and United States 
Department Of Energy.
- Contributed to a large scale Java project used to reduce the input size for a 
scientific computing application.
- Implemented logic to pull out a representative set of data based on their 
characteristics.
- Reduced run time by orders of magnitude by cutting out redundant calculations
- Responsible for both source code and extensive testing of contributions.

Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Rensselaer Center For Open Source Software (RCOS)
Open Source Developer
January 2014 - May 2015
- Contributed to an open source software project as a part of a team.
- Worked on a project called Vest, a Python project that analyzed data scraped 
from social network pages.
- Wrote the code to scrape webpages, crawl the various links they returned, and 
analyze the results.
- Learned fundamentals of working in a small group on a project that lasted 
several months.

--- Technical Skills ---
Java
C/C++
Python
Git
Subversion
Linux
HTML/CSS
Unit Testing
LaTeX

--- Relevant Courses ---
Algorithms
Data Structures
Operating Systems
Cryptography & Network Security
Software Principles
Discrete Structures

--- Leadership ---
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity
Recruitment Chairman
Managed a $10,000 budget for nine months dedicated towards organizing 
recruitment events. Organized series of recruitment events and lead a 
fraternity of 60 members to recruit a new class.
Technology Chairman
Officer of the year 2014
